Now I know I'm afraid
I'll call my uncle over now.
All have to live in
Miss, what should I do?
Miss, this friend of yours is in big trouble.
Not to mention law enforcement, even if Governor Haichen comes
My friend is not afraid of anything
I see how long you can be stubborn
Miss, what exactly does your friend do?
Yeah, I'm a soldier
What's the use of being a soldier?
Then when they come to eat, they still take you away?
Hmm, I'm done calling
My uncle will be here soon.
None of you can escape
Who's making trouble here?
Ahaha second uncle hahaha
You finally?
Ah he he he he his
No complaints
You're going to hit me and I'll tell you
Wang Lisa did it all by him
It has nothing to do with our lady
If you want to catch him, catch him
This is not Lord Long Shuai
Even you have more adults than him
What should I do if this is not satisfactory?
How to offend his old man
Why don't you go and treat your hands?
Let's go to leniency